Docs/packer seo templates batch1 (#13282)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/templates/legacy_json_templates/post-processors.mdx

---
description: |

>   The `post-processor` block defines actions to perform on the images after they are built. Learn how to configure the `post-processor` block in JSON templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `post-processor` block defines actions to perform on images after Packer builds them. Learn how to configure the `post-processor` block in JSON templates.
```
